Zhou Xinghe
If he doesn't love you, let him go
It's Lu Xuan. The person he loves has always been Lu Xuan
Never sure
So how could he possibly marry you?
Hahaha
senior brother
The Internet says you are quitting the movie industry
You tell me that's not true.
Really? Why?
The doctor said my right hand could no longer be divided
So what's the point of me being a director?
It's because of me that you got hurt
It's my negligence
It's all my fault
Yaoyao, this is none of your business
And we're getting married tomorrow
What do families divide and marry each other?
You Love Me
Really?
So the wedding will go on as usual tomorrow, right?
Yaoyao
I was fortunate enough to attend the wedding of two newlyweds today
Mr. Du Xinghe
Would you like to marry Miss Tang Yao?
I would like Miss Tang Yao
Would you like to marry Mr. Du Xinghe?
He doesn't want to